Update unclear instructions on an FCC CSS Grid challenge in English #39433 (#39506)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-grid/use-grid-area-without-creating-an-areas-template.english.md

```yml
tests:

>   - text: The <code>item5</code> class should have a <code>grid-area</code> to make it fill the whole area between the third and fourth horizontal lines, and first and fourth vertical lines.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion, but since the challenge instructions refer to "`grid-area` property" - 

> Using the grid-area property,

It would be good to keep the usage of "property" in the new change as well - 

```suggestion
  - text: The <code>item5</code> class should have a <code>grid-area</code> property to make it fill the whole area between the third and fourth horizontal lines, and first and fourth vertical lines.
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me @Manish-Giri - want to commit that @AnonymousRepositoryStuff?

>   - text: <code>item5</code> class should have a <code>grid-area</code> that begins on the third horizontal line, ending on the fourth horizontal line and begins on the first vertical line, ending on the fourth vertical line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - text: The <code>item5</code> class should have a <code>grid-area</code> to make it fill the whole area between the third and fourth horizontal lines, and first and fourth vertical lines.
```

This seems quite long for some test text - I tried to shorted it. What do you think of this suggestion @AnonymousRepositoryStuff? Or is that still confusing?

Reviewer 3: I like what you have written. Much clearer than the original in my opinion.

Reviewer 2: You can make the change if you want by clicking "Commit suggestion"
